fortunately the crew stayed on were able
to record what happened the film Lily
climbing down a tree leaving hope alone
it seems her head has been tired by a
male when she starts following his same
trail it's not unusual for a mother to
leave a cub for a few hours but as
evening approaches sea realizes
something's wrong after 6 hours I went
out to the location where I had last
seen them together and I listened and it
sounded like some animal possibly hoped
was scurrying around among the trees
because of the GPS on Lily I knew where
she was and she was several miles away
not even a storm arrives let him sue
think lily tried to get back to
we suspect that Lily couldn't find hope
cent at that point that the cent had
been washed away
Lilly is obviously missing
I would just imagine this cub is scared
and hungry and desperately wanting for
another home is still dependent on
Lily's milk and too young to survive on
her own
when I took Linh out to show him the red
pine where I had last seen hope bear on
the side of the road was fresh sign that
either a wolf or a coyote had been
around I think I think the chances of
them getting back together now are
getting slimmer by the day I don't know
what to think
is she dead did Lily find some body
by the fifth day Lin and Sue believe
that hope is dead
you